database and its interconnection to artificial intelligence, and the associated hardware
As much as possible topics to be covered
All
Machine Learning
Data preprocessing, topic detection, image tagging, and the full pipeline on how to create and deploy ML models.
Machine Learning and RPA tools that can help with routine tasks, allowing us to make better and more fact-based decisions
Cloud AI
At the AI Summit, I'm keen on exploring the progression of General AI, especially considering how GPT models play a role in this evolution.
Marketing, Strategy and Sustainability
I would be interested in R&D on agent behavior systems. Meaning not just generating text or images with generative AI, but using LLMs together with reasoning systems and then producing actions via integrations. Langchain, AutoGPT, MetaGPT, ... .
As much as possible
The AI in design programs and apps
Work automation and upskilling needed for current workers
Generative AI
AI in Digital Marketing
Everything
Showcases
Image, video processing
Ai ethics
Para já IA em geral, natural language e a sua transformação e modelação, generative AI.
Funcionamento teórico e treino de algoritmos.
AI
*Ethical AI and responsible AI development.
*Advancements in machine learning and deep learning.
*AI in healthcare, finance, or other industries.
*Natural language processing and understanding.
*AI for robotics and autonomous systems.
*AI for climate change and sustainability.
*AI and privacy concerns.
*AI and cybersecurity.
Computer vision
Machine Learning in general.
IA
How can AI be used in business?
GPT-4
Generative AI, it’s uses and future developments
AI in games
AI on laboratory research
The future of humanity with AI, including employment and It's implication for the future times.
Using AI in Quality Assurance or as help in coding.
IA na Administração Pública Local
Generative AI capabilities in 2023 and 2024
Ethics & AI
Data Science and Machine Learning
Python MySQl with AI methods
ChatGPT; OpenAI; ML
Data preparation, Preprocessing techniques, Data augmentation, Topic detection, Image Tagging. Full pipeline to prepare data and create, train and deploy a ML model.
Aprimorar os conhecimentos em inteligência artificial.
As much as possible topics to be covered
Como utilizar a AI da forma mais inteligente, sem criar dependência.
Ai , predictive analysis
Applications of Machine Learning
Learn more, especially in Python and Immediate Engineering (IA) - Chattbot "I'm a UMa.pt student"
Quero aprofundar um pouco mais os meus conhecimentos sobre AI, como compreender aquilo que ocorre efetivamente em Portugal
Blockchain, AutoTrading by IA
Recommender Systems, ethical implications
AI applied in electrical grids, water managment and cybersecurity
Ports and logistics
New applications for AI
Regulation
My main objective is to understand the main logics behind artificial intelligence, and the current state of the advance. Natural language and generative AI are topics of particular interest.
Apllication methods